Second uncle and aunt
Are you guys okay?
Zhou Xiang, you bastard
I didn't expect you to be so brave
How dare you pretend to be Lord God?
This is insane.
Hey boy, I've heard it all
You are a fake
Hey, don't believe what he says.
We all know what kind of virtue this kid has
Dare to talk nonsense at the wind ceremony
Do you want to try the impossible?
Flying Lord
What we say is true
He really is an impostor.
To tell you the truth
He's my ex-husband.
I know him even when he turns to ashes
If you still don't believe it
I'm sure both of you are sorry.
To tell them who they are
Tell me who this kid is
Lord Hui is my nephew Zhou Xiao
What did he do before?
Lamb kebabs
Kebabs
Hahaha
String deceived bursting or psychological quality is too good
It's all like this, I still don't admit it
Oops boy
That's it.
Is there anything else you want to prove?
They are indeed my second uncle and second division
I actually admitted it
Is this what you call evidence?
Ridiculous